                    Smalltalk Express License Agreement

GRANT OF LICENSE. Objectshare grants you (i) a nonexclusive, transferable
license to use the Objectshare software Smalltalk Express (the "Software"),
and (ii) a nonexclusive, transferable license to use the related
written(online) materials ("Documentation"). You may access the Software
from a hard disk, over a network, or by any other method you choose so long
as you otherwise comply with this Agreement. For the purposes of this
section, "use" means loading the software into RAM, as well as installation
on a hard disk or other storage device. The Software may be transferred or
copied, so long as, all original files and trademarks preserved.

COPYRIGHT. The Software and Documentation are owned by Objectshare and are
protected by US and international copyright laws. You agree not to remove
any Objectshare or ParcPlace-Digitalk trademarks or copyright notices from
the Software or Documentation.

OTHER RESTRICTIONS. You may not disclose, publish, translate, rent, lease,
transfer, export or otherwise make available the Software and Documentation
in any form, to any person or entity, except as expressly licensed herein.
You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Software.

You may not use or distribute any of the Software, including but not
limited to the source code of the Software and any example code, other than
in conjunction with development or runtime versions of the Software. You
may not distribute applications that require development system components
without a special license from Objectshare. For purposes of this section,
"development system components" means the Smalltalk/V classes Compiler,
Debugger and ClassHierarchyBrowser, and all of their subclasses, and any
other classes and/or code designated in the file DEVCOMPS.TXT in the
Software.

RUNTIME RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS. You may reproduce and distribute executable
files created by using the Software. You may reproduce and distribute the
runtime Dynamic Link Libraries ("DLLs") which are identified in the
Documentation as being required to execute programs, provided that you (a)
distribute the DLLs only in conjunction with and as an integral part of
executable applications created by you utilizing the Software; (b) do not
distribute any software with your application that utilizes the Smalltalk/V
virtual machine DLL unless it was created using the Software; (Continued)
(c) do not use Objectshare's name, logo or trademarks to market your
software without the express written permission of Objectshare; (d) include
Objectshare's copyright notice for its Software on your product label and
as a part of the sign-on message for software created by you; and (e) agree
to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Objectshare from and against any
claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that arise or result from
the use or distribution of your software. The license in this section to
distribute executables and/or DLLs is royalty-free provided that your
software application product is created using the Software for operation
with the Smalltalk/V runtime DLLs. Please contact Objectshare for the
applicable licensing terms for all other uses and/or distribution of
executables and runtime DLLs.

IN NO EVENT SHALL Objectshare BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR ANY OTHER
DAMAGE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
OTHER DAMAGES. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND. Objectshare SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE. Objectshare DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION
OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed and construed under the
laws of the State of California and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts therein.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT. You agree that this Agreement expresses the entire
understanding between you and Objectshare, and supersedes all other
communications, oral or written, relating to the Software.