{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244 \fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1 \fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext1 61472;}}{\info
{\title Help File for Puzzle 15}{\author Stephane Lizeray}{\operator Tom Kim}{\creatim\yr1992\mo4\dy27\hr18\min34}{\revtim\yr1992\mo5\dy5\hr15\min38}{\version23}{\edmins409}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern16417}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \fs20\lang1033 \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} rules}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Puzzle 15}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Puzzle}}{\b  }{\b\fs28 Puzzle 15}{\b 
\par }\pard The objective of this game is to arrange the pieces of the puzzle in ascending order. Only one piece can be moved at a time and that piece must move to an adjacent empty slot.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} contents}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Puzzle Index}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Index}} {\b\fs28 Puzzle Index}
\par \pard 
\par \pard {\strike Rules}{\v rules}
\par {\strike Menu Commands}{\v commands}
\par \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} commands}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Menu Commands}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Commands}} {\b\fs28 Menu Commands
\par }\pard 
\par Puzzle Menu
\par 
\par \pard {\strike Scramble}{\v scramble}
\par {\strike Unscramble}{\v unscramble}
\par {\strike New Size}{\v newSize}
\par {\strike Colors}{\v setColors}
\par \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Puzzle}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Puzzle Menu}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Menu}} {
\b\fs28 Puzzle Menu
\par }\pard 
\par For more information, choose a command name.
\par 
\par \pard {\strike Scramble}{\v Scramble}
\par {\strike Unscramble}{\v Unscramble}
\par {\strike New Size}{\v NewSize}
\par {\strike Colors}{\v setColors
\par }\page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Scramble}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Scramble}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Scramble}} 
{\b\fs28 Scramble}
\par \pard 
\par \pard This selection scrambles the tiles in the puzzle.  If the puzzle tiles are already scrambled, selecting this option would scramble them some more.  If the puzzle tiles are in order, selecting this option would
\par \pard provide you with a scrambled puzzle to solve.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Unscramble}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Unscramble}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 Unscramble}}{\b\fs28  Unscramble}
\par \pard 
\par \pard 
This selection puts the tiles back in their proper order.  You would select this option if you wanted to see what the puzzle looks like when it is solved.  You could also select this option if your frustration level on a particular puzzle reaches a critic
al mass.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} NewSize}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} New Size}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 NewSize; Size}}{\b\fs28  New Size}
\par \pard 
\par \pard This selection re-sizes the puzzle.  You are prompted 
for a number between 2 and 10 (inclusive).  Once you enter a number, you are presented with a puzzle with that number of rows and columns.  For instance, if you enter the number 5, you will be presented with a new 5-by-5 puzzle on the screen.  If you ente
r a number less than 2 or greater than 10, you will be presented with a 4-by-4 puzzle, which is the default.
\par \pard 
\par \pard Note that re-sizing the puzzle always gives you a solved puzzle.  To play with a different sized puzzle, you would first select New size to enter a new size, then you would select Scramble to start the game.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} setColors}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Colors}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Colors}
}{\b\fs28  Colors}
\par \pard 
\par Pops up a Prompter to change the colors of the cells
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Puzzle15Colors}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Puzzle Color Dialog}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 K} Color Dialog}} {\b\fs28 Puzzle Color Dialog}
\par \pard 
\par \pard This is the help for the whole 15 Puzzle Color Dialog. You can separately change the color of the numbers or the border of each cell.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FaceColorComboBox_}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} FaceColor}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 K} FaceColor}} {\b\fs28 Face Color}
\par \pard 
\par This is the help for the Face Color ComboBox on the Color Dialog.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Prompter}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} New Size Dialog}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K}
 New Size Dialog}} {\b\fs28 New Size Dialog}
\par \pard 
\par \pard This is the help for the whole New Size Dialog. You can change the number of cells on each side of the puzzle square, so the 15 in 15 Puzzle does not have to be fixed.
\par \pard \page \tab {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #}  text}} {\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} New Size Entry Field}} {\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 
K} New Size Entry Field}} {\b\fs28 New size entry field}
\par \pard 
\par This is the help for the entry field on the prompter dialog box.
\par }